Implement TenantTemplate (#138)
projectsyn/lieutenant-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/create-tenant.adoc

Please be aware that you first need to have a valid secret containing the endpoint information, see xref:how-tos/gitlab-connection.adoc[Connection to GitLab].

> == Tenant Templating
> 
> Values common to all new tenants, can be put into a template.
> When a new tenant gets created, the operator looks for a
> `TenantTemplate` object named `default`.
> A `TenantTemplate` has the same spec data structure as a `Tenant`.
> If present, the templates values from the template will be merged into the tenant.
> The values set on the tenant will take precedence.
> In addition, a reference to the template will be added as an annotation.
> The annotation is named `lieutenant.syn.tools/tenant-template`, and the value will be the name of the tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Tenant Templating

Values common to all new tenants, can be put into a `TenantTemplate`.
When a new tenant gets created, the operator looks for a `TenantTemplate` object named `default` in the same namespace as `Tenant`.
A `TenantTemplate` has the same spec data structure as a `Tenant`.
If present, the template's values from the template will be merged into the `Tenant` spec.
The values set on the tenant will take precedence.
In addition, a reference to the template will be added as an annotation.
The annotation is named `lieutenant.syn.tools/tenant-template`, and the value will be the name of the `TenantTemplate`.
```
